== Mixlib::Localization

<b>License</b>

All files in the repository are licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. If any
file is missing the License header it should assume the following is attached;


    Copyright 2014 Chef Software Inc

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

==Mixlib::Localization::Messages

==self.get_message(message_key, language_code)

Mixlib::Localization::Messages stores the error and informational messages and provide a public method get_message(message_key, language_code) to retrieve message id and the message in a specific language.

For example, if you want to retrieve the error message for 'opscode-chef-webui-nodes-show-403' in English, do:

get_message("opscode-chef-webui-nodes-show-403", "en_us")

which returns:
["10000", "You are not authorized to view this node."]

If you need the error message in other languages, for example, Simplified Chinese, pass in the corresponding language code:

get_message("opscode-chef-webui-nodes-show-403", "zh_cn")

returns

["10000", "对不起，您没有权限查看此节点。"]

If you pass in a non-existent language code, it will use en_us.

If you pass in a invalid error key, it will throw a Mixlib::Localization::MessageRetrievalError.

==self.parse_error_message(message_array)

self.parse_error_message takes the array returned from get_message, and generates a formatted error message.

For example, if you pass in ["10000", "You are not authorized to view this node."], the return value is "Error 10000: You are not authorized to view this node."

==self.parse_info_message(message_array)

self.parse_info_message takes the array returned from get_message, and returns only the message.

For example, if you pass in ["10001", "The node was successfully created."], the return value is "The node was successfully created."

==self.generate_message_text_file(language, output_file)

This method takes a language code and the path to the output_file and generates a text file with message ids, messages, and internal message keys.

*rake generate_messages calls this method and produce a text file in the project's root directory.